The solution we're looking to get from Spring or from using the Spring
Framework is that we can remove configuration code or lookup code,
and developers can focus on the business needs.
Like I said, that's a big one for me,
and it's the business that doesn't care that I have a try
catch block or how I handle this exception.
They care that when we ask for a car, we get that car back.
Our code can also focus on testing.
So in that previous slide,
it really wasn't that testable as far as things were hard coded in there.
I have a DriverManager that I'm getting a connection.
Where's that connection coming from?
That type of stuff.
Spring also helps us with doing annotation or XML-based development,
as well as the Java configuration that we're going to mainly focus on.
If we want to annotate our code rather than having so
much configuration code in there, Spring can help us with all of that as well.
To achieve all of this, Spring encourages development through interfaces.
We will dive into this concept deeper in the implementation of our code,
but interface-driven development really changes the
approach we take with our code.
So it makes things easier to test,
makes things more focused on what the business needs,
and removes that configuration lookup code through doing annotations or Java-based configuration or even the XML-based approach as well.